the following is a paid advertisement
for the cardio Cruiser brought to you by
body by Jake global do you refuse to go
up one more size and just keep
struggling in your uncomfortable tight
tight clothes well hold on because if
you can sit in an easy chair then you
can sit back relax and cruise your way
to that sleek sexy body you've always
wanted introducing the all-new body by
Jake cardio cruiser an entirely new kind
of cardio workout machine designed to
put you and your fat burning' cruising
zone while also giving you a total body
toning workout at the same time brought
to you by the number one best-selling
fitness brand on television with body by
Jake's new cardio Cruiser in as little
as twenty minutes three times a week you
can lose two full dress or pants sizes
guaranteed or your money back the cardio
Cruiser is a cardio machine but it's
also a body sculptor and after using the
cardio Cruiser in the rev up the results
program I've lost over eighteen and a
half inches four and a half of which
came from my hips and that was my
problem area I like myself in a bathing
suit now I wonder where bikinis all the
time it's great stay tuned to find out
how you can experience your own body
sculpting results with a cardio Cruiser
in the comfort of your own home for our
full 30 days and pay no shipping charges
of any kind but right now it's time to
meet the man behind this new fitness
revolution the man you've come to trust
who delivers on his promises Jake a body
by Jake as he takes you for the ride of
your life with the cardio Cruiser hey
gang it makes me proud to know that for
nearly a quarter of a century America
has come to trust the body by Jake brand
to bring you affordable quality products
that above all truly the